be a chess match at the end of the
basketball game he saw Oklahoma pick up
full court Cincinnati took advantage the
mick cronin trying to take Oklahoma out
of the rhythm against the zone thinking
me being his own goes man and Oklahoma
takes advantage by driving the ball into
the lane now cincinnati has to try to
get the ball by cashmere right into the
ball screen and drive it into the gut
makes things happen off the backs right
through the basket reverses an end
leaves
pledgers premal good chase down who's
got it it's over the fair catch up woman
from nowhere 12 down
win it in the final seconds cashmere
right twice saves the day for the
Bearcats
a thrilling come-from-behind win by
Cincinnati
defeat for Oklahoma
as me right to take the ball make things
happen probably looking for a ball
screen no ball screen but sometimes the
best offense Mike is by accident in
Oklahoma no reaction and easy bucket and
right
it's his team l
a major moment for cashmere Wright had
been a disastrous night form all night
he missed 12 of 13 shots and he made the
last two when they really matter he was
the man for Cincinnati again the final
score Cincinnati Bearcats 56 Oklahoma 55
that went 17 in a row here at US bank
arena for Zeb wells our entire ESPNU
crew on my crispy no thanks for watching
coming up next e 16 from New York for
more information logon to espn.com this
has been a presentation of ESPN the
worldwide leader in sports so long from
Cincinnati